Single frontend for Lambda and Batch (#376)
aws-samples/aws-hpc-tutorials: content/05-aws-batch-and-lambda/introduction/index.en.md

---
title : "a. Introduction"
weight : 10
---

> This workshop is created to demonstrate how large-scale Monte Carlo simulations can be done with the elastic infrastructure using AWS Batch. In the meantime, smaller workload requiring fast turnaround can also be done timely with near identical application code using AWS Lambda. The same infrastructure can be deployed to a second region optionally to meet compliance and resilience requirements.

Reviewer: Use present tense.

![Architecture](/images/batch-lambda/Loosely-coupled.png)

Application operation workflow steps:

> 1. Users copy an input CSV file with financial asset information to S3 bucket using timestamp as S3 prefix, which could be used as job ID for tracking purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upload an input CSV file with financial asset information to S3 bucket using timestamp as S3 prefix, which could be used as job ID for tracking purpose.
```
